0x0F-function_pointers/README.md, before:

# Project: 0x0F. C - Function pointers

## Resources

#### Read or watch:

* [Function Pointer in C](https://intranet.alxswe.com/rltoken/yt8Q9jxzT_gyRAvnNkAgkw)
* [Pointers to functions](https://intranet.alxswe.com/rltoken/wP-yWvo9IqbcQsywMmh_iQ)
* [Function Pointers in C / C++](https://intranet.alxswe.com/rltoken/dAN27S1yyBPeBa8RGfvPNA)
* [why pointers to functions?](https://intranet.alxswe.com/rltoken/1vvWpH9Ux8axOLc9jPWcMw)
* [Everything you need to know about pointers in C](https://intranet.alxswe.com/rltoken/G_0lQzs4LAd1e5tKhNMPiw)
## Learning Objectives

### General

* What are function pointers and how to use them
* What does a function pointer exactly hold
* Where does a function pointer point to in the virtual memory
## Tasks

| Task | File |
| ---- | ---- |
| 0. What's my name | [0-print_name.c](./0-print_name.c) |
| 1. If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done | [1-array_iterator.c](./1-array_iterator.c) |
| 2. To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities | [2-int_index.c](./2-int_index.c) |
| 3. A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at | [3-main.c](./3-main.c), [3-op_functions.c](./3-op_functions.c), [3-get_op_func.c](./3-get_op_func.c), [3-calc.h](./3-calc.h) |

Commit message:

Update README.md with comprehensive project descriptions and resources
- Added detailed descriptions for each project directory, covering topics such as basic syntax, control structures, data structures, memory management, debugging, file I/O, and more.
- Included relevant resources for each topic to aid in understanding and practicing the concepts.
- Updated the Table of Contents to reflect all project directories.
- Provided additional notes for executing scripts and commands safely.

0x0F-function_pointers/README.md, after:

# 0x0F-function_pointers

## Description

This project focuses on function pointers in C. It covers how to define and use function pointers, how to pass them as arguments to other functions, and how to use them to call functions dynamically.

### Resources

#### Read or watch

- [Function Pointers in C](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/function-pointer-in-c/)
- [C Function Pointers](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cprogramming/c_function_pointers.htm)
- [Function Pointers in C](https://www.programiz.com/c-programming/c-function-pointers)
- [C Programming - Function Pointers](https://www.studytonight.com/c/pointers-in-c.php#function-pointers)

### Learning Objectives

#### General

- What are function pointers and how to use them.
- What does a function pointer exactly hold.
- Where does a function pointer point to in the virtual memory.

### Tasks

| Task                                                                                       | File                                                                                                                         | Description                                                                                  |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 0. What's my name                                                                          | [0-print_name.c](./0-print_name.c)                                                                                           | Writes a function that prints a name.                                                        |
| 1. If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done             | [1-array_iterator.c](./1-array_iterator.c)                                                                                   | Writes a function that executes a function given as a parameter on each element of an array. |
| 2. To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities                                      | [2-int_index.c](./2-int_index.c)                                                                                             | Writes a function that searches for an integer.                                              |
| 3. A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at | [3-calc.h](./3-calc.h), [3-op_functions.c](./3-op_functions.c), [3-get_op_func.c](./3-get_op_func.c), [3-main.c](./3-main.c) | Writes a program that performs simple operations.                                            |
| 4. No more secrets...                                                                      | [100-main_opcodes.c](./100-main_opcodes.c)                                                                                   | Writes a program that prints the opcodes of its own main function.                           |
